Good morning, family, or good evening or wherever you are.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
We're going to pray, but I want to go over what the Lord showed us yesterday in prayer.
I haven't had an experience like that ever on a live.
You know, I have dreams, I have visions, that the Lord shows me quite a few things, but never like that where when I'm praying, I feel like I'm leaving.
And last night, that's why I told Diana, "Pray for me.
Lay your hand on me," because it brings me back into reality a little bit.
It snaps.
When I go into the spirit like that, I'm able to see so far.
There are sometimes when I'm going in, I can see the years.
I can see so much detail.
I can smell things.
It's heavenly.
But at the same time, when you're in the natural, it has a tendency to freak your flesh out a little bit is what I want to tell you.
I don't know how else to describe it than it makes your flesh—because the spirit is more real to me than the natural body.
Our spirit realm is more real than the natural realm.
And people, if you learn to tap into it and get in with the Holy Spirit and walk with him, he'll show you the things to come.
But I'm telling you, the other side is just as real and more real than this realm.
And when you start to get over and look over and see what God is doing, it's beautiful and you go, "Wow.
" You know, I long for the day Jesus Christ comes and gets us.
But I'm going to go over because a lot of people go, "Brandon, you okay?
What's that all about?
" Well, to try to explain the supernatural in some things is like trying to explain a hot sandy beach to an Eskimo.
You don't.
It's real hard because the Eskimo has no idea what it's like to feel the tropics.
He's only used to igloos and cold weather.
So, where do I start?
I saw 2027.
I saw the storm, but I saw the prophet, Kim Clement, and he was interceding for America, but he was playing on the other side.
It was glorious, but he looked so young.
I told Donna through a text earlier his skin looked like he had Botox.
His skin had no wrinkles.
He looked so fresh and clean.
His shirt was red and he looked so pressed and like a dry-cleaned shirt.
Everything looked so perfect.
His hair was perfect and long just like it always was when he was on the earth.
But he was playing a keyboard that was like a plastic keyboard like we have here like a Yamaha or whatever, like a nice keyboard, but he was playing that keyboard and he was interceding and praying for America.
But remember, do you all remember whenever I had the vision of Lynn Hammond's sister Lucy and Rachel Tefatiller and Jeannie Wilkerson and they were sitting on the quilt and all that and it was the glorious time that I saw that they were praying, interceding with brother Halverson?
This was similar to that.
But as he was praying, there was this huge cloud behind him with lightning that was going around him and he was prophesying, but I couldn't make out what he was saying.
He was declaring and he was speaking over America.
And as he was playing his keyboard, you could feel the glory.
I was watching him, but he was not moved by what was around him.
He was focused on the task at hand in his heavenly body.
And I thought, "What in the world am I seeing?
" But I was looking and I saw 2027, 2028.
And I asked Donna, I said, "Did your dad say anything about 2027?
" and she sent me the video and I've been watching it since she sent it and the anointing on this clip is amazing as he's playing.
But it wasn't about 2028, but I thought it was interesting as I was interceding and we were praying for our nation.
The Lord showed us so much, but I want to get to what the Lord showed me today as I was driving around.
I went out and I was getting—you know, I like to feed the deer in our neighborhood.
The deer like to come and eat the corn.
So I put corn out and things for them because I like to get them to come up close to the house because I like to watch them.
And the Lord spoke to me and he started talking to me about the Supreme Court justices.
And he said to me, "Brandon, I told you I was giving this nation a window of opportunity for a great wealth transfer.
You pray into their decision concerning the tariffs and the finances of America.
" And I said, "Lord, what happens if it doesn't come to pass?
What am I looking at?
" He was so stern with me.
He said, "It will come to pass.
You speak into it.
There are no ifs and buts about it in the spirit realm with me.
You say to the mountain, 'Be removed.
' We will as a nation have revival.
We will as a nation have a wave of the finances for the outpouring of the glorious church to fund this gospel and get it promoted around the world.
We will be victorious.
" He said, "You speak to it.
There is no plan B.
You speak to it.
" He rebuked me for having a mealy mouth, you know, like, "Oh Lord, what happens if it doesn't happen?
" He said, "You speak.
" He corrected me.
And he said, "America must—you must, Brandon—this must take place for the glorious outpouring for a window of opportunity.
" And I'm not trying to yell.
It's just when the anointing starts coming on me, you have to deal with it.
Turn your volume down.
I just get tired of all of it.
This is what he said to me: "I saw the wave.
I told you you would have a wave.
It will be a short-lived wave and there will be gold on them.
" He said, "Fill your pockets, for a great storm is coming, but I will always provide for my beloved Brandon.
" There is a storm coming, church, but it's not yet.
He said, "Pray for Donald Trump, Brandon.
I'm using him for this season.
" And the enemy would want him removed.
His life is in danger.
You must pray for him.
The enemy doesn't want him to live long and finish strong, to finish his assignment on the earth.
And he's not done yet.
And the Lord strictly told me today when I was out doing what I was doing, "Brandon, you need to intercede for him.
It's the church's responsibility.
" And I saw a financial outpouring still concerning certain metals and cryptos, concerning certain foreign currencies.
Like I said, I'm not a financial adviser.
I cannot come on here and tell the body of Christ what to do because I can miss it just like anybody else can.
I'm human.
And I want to tell you when you see in part and hear in part, we're all works in progress.
I want to tell you that, but when it comes to this, you need to pray about it for your own family and what God is telling you to do.
It's not my job.
So I want you to intercede for these things because the Lord said to me, "This is part of the outpouring.
The wealth transfer is part of the end-time harvest.
Do you understand?
And I'm giving you a window.
" And he said, "Brandon, you're already one year into that window.
" And he said, "What will you do with the time that I have given you?
" for an hourglass was filled up a little bit more.
"What will you do with the time?
I've extended the time for the church for this window.
" And I saw the wave.
I saw the finances.
I saw the blessing.
But it's all connected.
And that's like what I was hearing today.
The enemy would try to put a kink in the hose.
No more delays.
It's called a divine reversal.
It's time for the supernatural divine reversal in your finances, a supernatural blessing on your household.
You see, the enemy is fighting because he knows his time is short.
Just like it talks about in Revelation, the enemy knows.
He knows, he sees.
We went over two videos ago that his time is short, but the finances are his wheelhouse.
And that was when we went into the wars and all the things that he's trying to do.
But the Lord said, "Brandon, I'm giving you a window.
Do you understand?
But you have to be a contender that fights for it.
You have to pray.
You have to not have this 'well, whatever will be, will be' attitude.
" David didn't have a "whatever will be, will be" attitude with the Goliath that was standing in front of him.
You know, "Lord, if you deliver me, you deliver.
If you don't, you don't.
The giant's pretty big; I guess if he takes my head...
" He didn't have that.
What did he have?
He had a bulldog faith.
He said, "Who is this that tries to defy the armies of the living God?
This uncircumcised Philistine?
Who is this?
" But David went after the giant and took his head.
He didn't have a plan B; he was all in.
And he went after that giant with those five stones.
Those five, in case, maybe probably just to give him a little comfort thinking, "Well, if I miss him the first time, I've got four more times to hit him.
" But either way, he's going down.
But it was the first stone because he did it by faith.
And I want you to understand, the Lord said to us, "I'm making you the head, not the tail.
" And he spoke to us and said, "Speak to the seeds of your ancestors.
The seeds that they sowed that lie dormant in the ground, that they never claimed, they never harvested.
They never spiritually claimed them.
They gave to people.
They gave to ministries.
You know, even a thousand years of generations, I don't know.
Just believe God for a supernatural harvest, that through your generational bloodline you reap the harvest.
" I'm believing God for big.
There's family members who don't know that they have a covenant and God will provide for them.
But every seed produces after its own kind, and I'm laying hold to it for the generational seeds, for the generational blessing.
Regarding Abraham's generational blessing: "I'll bless your generation—a thousand generations or more.
" Look at how the Lord said that he would even bless Abraham's lineage.
As much as the sands or the stars, the blessing was on him.
And the Lord said he's no respecter of persons and what God will do for one, he'll do for another.
I believe that I am Abraham's seed; I am part of that lineage.
Don't you believe with all your heart that this is going to be the biggest end-time harvest of souls we've ever seen before?
It's time to believe God and have stretch marks, is what I'm trying to tell y'all.
It's time to have spiritual stretch marks, to believe him for the supernatural, to believe him for the exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
And I know that if the tariff thing doesn't get passed by the Supreme Court in the next couple days, we will see this 1930s-style crash.
I just believe it.
I saw Donald Trump in that canoe trying his hardest to not let the economy go over the edge for the greatest—I've told you concerning that last October, not this last October, the one before.
He said, "My people have prayed, Brandon.
I'm giving you extended time.
" And I saw the dam, the economy, and all of it was cracking.
And the Lord said it will be worse than the 1930s on steroids.
For this generation doesn't even know how to plant a garden.
This generation doesn't even know how to hunt.
This generation doesn't know how to fish.
A lot of them are used to going to McDonald's and getting it "have it your way.
" But what I am trying to tell you is that what I have seen is worse than the 1930s.
I saw people rioting and pillaging the rich and the middle class, stealing whatever they wanted because there were tent cities everywhere and they didn't have enough money even for prescription medicines, and people were acting a fool just in little towns.
You thought COVID was bad, when they were stealing toilet paper and acting the way they did.
I saw a 1930s-style crash that was worse than anything you could ever imagine.
And there was rioting, pillaging, and even farmers trying to pick people off at 50 yards, trying to protect their homestead.
This is not what we want in America.
And if we don't stand as the body of Christ with a backbone like a crowbar and pray for our nation and get us this window, it's all on us.
Even Brother Hagin said, "If the church doesn't stand, what we see in the nation is because the church didn't stand.
" Did I say that right?
Yeah.
Sometimes it comes out and I go, "Okay," because Brother Hagin always talked about that when there were frogs coming up—he had a vision, and he saw these frogs.
It was during Nixon, whenever Nixon had Watergate, and it was all during that time frame.
And Brother Hagin was interceding for America, and he said any kind of things that happen in our government is the church's fault if we don't take our authority and we don't pray that God would hold us accountable.
And Brother Hagin went into all of it and had his prophetic word.
One time I'll probably find it and Diana can read it to you.
But I just want to tell you all, you've got to believe God for big.
There's a reprieve.
God is giving us the opportunity for a reprieve and for blessing on this nation.
But the enemy doesn't want it to happen.
And we must contend and fight and say, "No, we will be walking in the blessing.
We will have what God has for us and we will reap what we've sowed.
" The goodness of God is on us.
And I'm telling you, goodness and mercy will follow us.
And that's what the Lord told me.
He said, "You pray for those Supreme Court justices to make the decisions for the tariffs to balance the economy, to do the things, because right now there is no plan B.
" And most people don't want to hear that.
"Well, what happens if it doesn't happen?
" Well, the "what if" is you better have a stockpile of food.
That's what I would say.
What if—in my opinion, and I'm entitled to my opinion.
You know, people say, "You told me to buy food.
" I ain't telling you to buy nothing.
I ain't telling you to stock nothing.
That's on you.
If you feel you're supposed to do that, you do it.
If not, don't.
I don't care what you do.
I'm not responsible for you; I'm responsible for my family.
I'm here to tell you what I see and what I pray over.
You do what you feel God has called you to do.
My mom was telling me about some wheat and stuff that she's doing and making bread and all kinds of stuff.
People have all kinds of ideas by the Holy Spirit because of what they're feeling in their insides.
You just have to be following what the Holy Spirit tells you to do.
If he tells you to buy wheat and make bread, then buy wheat and make bread.
If he tells you to have a tower garden, have a tower garden.
It's like when Mary spoke to the people at the marriage feast and she said, "Whatever he tells you to do, do it.
" Everyone's circumstance is going to be different.
It's not all cookie-cutter.
If you live in New York—I can't even imagine living there—but if you do and God's called you to be there, it's going to be a lot different than what it is in Alabama, or in Texas out in the panhandle.
It's a lot different in the panhandle of Texas than it is in New York.
I can assure you, in Pampa or any of those towns out there, it's just an oil field town.
You go through there and think, 'Wow, you see tumbleweeds.
' But everybody tries to think about what it's going to be like in Miami.
I have no idea.
I went to Miami and couldn't wait to get out of there.
I was looking at my rearview mirror; I went halfway, felt what was going on there, and said, 'Get out of here.
' I turned around and went back up to West Palm Beach.
Being real, I said, 'God, we're getting out of here quick.
' Okay, let's go back and be serious.
I've got ten minutes; I talk too much.
What did the Lord show me last night concerning Donald Trump?
I saw him at a ballroom party, celebrating.
He had a tuxedo on and they were all dressed up.
He had a goblet, like a glass, in his hand.
I did not see anybody putting anything in his glass.
I don't add to or take away from anything in a vision.
I saw a glass in his hand and it was focused on that glass.
I don't want to add to it; as I said, if you add to it, you get flaky.
This is what I saw: I saw him holding the glass and then I saw him having a massive heart attack.
I saw something wrong with his heart.
I saw the waitstaff.
I don't know what happened between the glass, the goblet, and him or why he would do this, but he was holding it.
Now, all the doctors say he's okay, but he was holding a drink and the vision was focused on that cup.
The Lord said, 'Pray over his food.
Pray over his drink.
Pray over the parties.
Pray over him as he has these get-togethers.
' Instantaneously, you can add to it and say, 'Well, that's probably they're going to try to poison him.
' I don't know; that's not what the Lord said.
All I saw was a cup with gold, the drink, the food, and the party where everybody was dressed up, and then I saw him taking it to his lips and he went down.
Does that mean there is poison in his glass?
I don't know.
I can't answer that.
But the Lord said, 'Pray over his drink.
' So that's what we do.
Then I saw Don Jr.
again with the white outfit on with flashes and him being shot in the chest.
I saw them praying over his son at a party or event again.
That's when the Lord said to pray for the Secret Service and their attentiveness.
Even at a party, pray for their attentiveness, watching the crowd and his surroundings, praying for protection over him and his family.
So that's what we do—interceding for Donald Trump for him to live long, finish strong, and finish what God has called him to do.
No weapon formed against him or his children will prosper because it would cause great grief and he would not be able to function.
I'm telling you, I've seen the outcome of what happens if his son was fatally wounded.
The Lord said to me, 'You must pray for his children's safety.
' He was so grief-stricken he could not function for the rest of the term because he was grieving so much for the loss of his son.
He was hardly able to walk.
I saw Melania, and I remember telling you all I saw his daughter dressed up in solid black and they were going to the funeral service at that church by the White House; it was like a big church service.
There were people from everywhere.
I saw him walking down, he got out of the Beast, and he was walking to the funeral service.
He was weeping.
He could not keep himself held up; they were helping him walk.
It was awful.
So when I have a vision that clear, I've not stopped interceding for the protection of Don Jr.
, Kai, Eric, Barron, Tiffany, and Ivanka, that God's hand would be on their family and on his marriage.
So that's what we do.
I saw an attack against his buildings more than once now.
I keep seeing them trying to attack his main attractions—his Trump towers, hotels, and golf courses—and just interceding because of plans to try to rob him financially and cause a distraction to this nation by hurting his assets.
I take my job seriously, I continue to do my job, and I do it well.
I say that with all glory to Jesus.
I feel like that's what the Lord has called me to do.
I'm so thankful that 5,600 of you take this seriously enough to come on at 9:49 at night and pray with me because there's fruit in it.
We must pray for our TSA.
I saw an attack against them during the holiday season, specifically around Thanksgiving.
I saw a black carry-on bag with something inside which I cannot describe on a livestream, but we must pray over American Airlines, United, and Delta, or any other airlines that would be distracted because they don't have enough employees to search all the bags.
They are trying to push people through because of the holiday rush, and people are distracted with the onslaught of all the people.
We must pass a budget for the safety and security of this nation.
The nonsense of the political tug-of-war of who's in charge involves these RINOs in our country.
They must be voted out.
Thank God Nancy Pelosi resigned today.
'Bye, Felicia.
' She should have retired ten years ago.
Now we just have to pray for the righteous person who fills her position and is not a Jezebel.
We're going to pray for our nation.
I want to show you this clip of what we are dealing with concerning these radicals trying to infiltrate our country.
Most people have their head in the sand.
I didn't even see this until this video.
My son said, 'Daddy, you need to see this.
' Watch this real quick before we pray.
It's getting through Congress.
Before it was by the sword, but now it's getting into parliament and making laws that act as the sword, like the Islamophobia law in Canada, M103.
The Muslim Brotherhood says there are only two things open to their movements: ballot or bullet.
I used to say that democracy is haram.
Now I say participation in democracy is our jihad.
We're going to fight not through bullets, but the ballot.
Voting is now an obligatory action and it is a jihad that needs to be done.
In the United States, in the last election, there were over 800 Muslim candidates running for office.
We may end up with about 50 members of Congress in the next six years.
And that's really the essence of dismantling the system of injustice: to replace it with the people who represent the Prophet sallallahu alaihi wasallam.
Do you see?
Was that the only one?
No, there's another one.
There's another one.
Okay.
But that should shake you.
It's not just about America.
This is about Australia.
This is about England.
This is about infiltration.
So go back to what I saw concerning the Tribulation.
When the Lord Jesus took me out of my body and I went to the future and went to the Tribulation with Him.
You will be required to worship the Mahdi on Fridays in single-file lines and white outfits to a major screen, worshiping the Mahdi, and he is a Muslim.
And I've warned you over and over again that Sharia law will be placed all around the world.
It will be all over the place, and everybody will be required to get the mark of the beast in their forehead or in their hand and have a one-world currency that will all be to the chip.
You require it, and it makes you different.
I've warned over and over about this.
But as you see, this is the beginning of the stages of getting it ready for the end-time beast system.
You don't just start all at once.
It's a slow fade, but it's happening right now.
Look around you.
Did it show all of them?
Can you play that clip now?
Oh, this is the last one, and then we'll start praying about who is actually taking over our offices here in America.
Can you start at the beginning?
So we know what happens whenever we have all our brothers and sisters in Africa who are facing genocide by the Muslims, all killing our Christian brothers and sisters in Nigeria.
They're being wiped out and slaughtered like it was with the Jews in the Holocaust.
That's what I'm talking about.
It's radicalized, and it is a slow fade.
It's just a little at a time.
Like the man said, 'We're not going to fight with bullets anymore; we fight with politics and ballots.
' And I go, 'It's modern.
How do we do it?
We come in with our Sharia law.
We come and take over your country.
' And I go, 'Well, that's pretty brilliant, isn't it, if you have an agenda?
' So people say, 'Well, Brandon, that's hate speech.
You're just full of hate.
' I'm not hating on nobody.
I want all to get saved and come to the Lord Jesus Christ.
I don't want anybody to burn in hell.
But I'm here to tell you, we must stand as Christians and be believing believers and not have our head in the sand as things like this are going on around us.
And you go, 'Well, it's okay.
' No, it's not okay.
You must stand because we occupy until He comes.
What does it matter?
We're all going to the Rapture.
You don't know when the Rapture of the church is coming.
It may be 20 years from now.
We don't know.
We watch the signs of the times and where we are, and you can feel an urgency in your spirit.
I have dates that I'm praying about, but what if those dates come and go and we're still here?
How many people before us all believed that He was coming and He didn't come when they thought He would?
So what I'm trying to tell you is we must wake up and occupy the land.
Do not allow the enemy to get a stronghold on it and then wait until it's too late and go, 'Well, I didn't realize how bad it was getting, and now it's too late and you're fighting for it.
' Just like they are in England.
If you say anything against them, they're throwing you in jail for two years.
With digital IDs coming and all the things, I go, 'Oh, heavens, no.
We're not doing that here.
' So, all right.
Well, let's pray.
I try to bring people to reality and go, 'Look around.
Look what's going on.
' We must pray for our Supreme Court justice to support him to have this so we back our economy.
What were the main four doors?
Two videos.
I saw four doors.
Four black doors.
Every single door was not lit up with power yet.
But as I was praying, a door with gold coins fell out and it started rolling down like this.
And I saw silver behind it.
Then I hear from Braden today, Alex Jones said he had a special guest on there: 700 million ounces of silver—the order from China to the UK for their products did not get fulfilled.
700 million ounces of silver did not get fulfilled.
And he was predicting in his opinion that silver would hit $75 an ounce to $140 by spring because of the shortage of silver and people hoarding back silver.
Now, that was on his show, and I thought that was a very interesting quote because the Lord showed me, in my opinion, that silver would hit $75 quickly.
And I saw in all the things that I'm praying about—now, you know, take it for whatever—then gold hit over 10,000 eventually.
But I thought it was interesting the things when I'm praying, I'm having these visions and I'm seeing what I'm seeing.
Not financial advice.
It's just interesting that the things that I have prayed about for years are now being talked about in mainstream media.
And the only ones that know this stuff are my son, my wife, and my daughter.
I talk about it in the car: 'This is what daddy sees coming.
' I see a storm coming with another plague that's worse than COVID ever thought about being.
I see a 1930s-style crash.
I see people homeless.
I see these things.
And I say all this not to scare you, but to prepare you for what I see coming.
And people say, 'Well, you've seen stuff before.
' Yes, I have.
But the Lord keeps giving us more time.
And He says, 'Brandon, I'm giving you more time.
I want you to pray for this.
' And I'm like, 'When is the time up?
When are we going to see it?
Where are we at in the scope of things?
' And that's what I've been praying into.
But He said, 'I desire for my church to have more to pay off their houses and their stuff.
' And I said, 'You're a good God, Lord.
Who am I to ever question or go, "Well, why?
I need this to happen now.
I don't like being patient for the anointing and patient for things.
"' Like when I popped off one time, I remember I was in front of a McAlister's, and I was getting some tea for my daughter, and the Lord said, 'Brandon, I'm calling you to the healing ministry and I'm calling you to all this.
' And I smarted off and I said back to the Lord, which is really stupid, I said, 'If you're calling me, then can you not hurry it up?
What does it take for my character to handle it?
Put me through the pressure cooker, basically, and let's get this thing going.
' I'm tired of talking about it sarcastically like an idiot.
That was a wrong thing to ever say.
You know, that's why I try to warn you.
People always say, 'Well, you know, I'm tired of waiting on God to get things done in my life.
I'm ready for this to happen now.
' When your character is ready to handle it, you'll have it.
I learned a valuable lesson that day.
God's not on my time schedule.
Duh.
But when you pop off things and it's from your heart, He's like, 'Well, okay, big boy.
You think you can handle it?
' If you don't have the character to handle what God has for you and you start being like that and you say, 'Well, Brandon, I'm ready.
I want you to hurry up.
Do what you got to do.
' Be very careful what you ask for and how you ask for it.
God's a gracious and merciful God, and He'll give you what you can handle when you can handle it.
And that's concerning the anointing.
It comes by the refining fire.
And I have a list of all the scriptures.
And I'm not real good with memorizing things.
I try real hard and I pray over my mind all the time that I have the mind of Christ.
But with things like names, Diana has to help me all the time.
It's things that I overcome.
But you know what?
I'm getting better.
But I want to tell you this.
When you go through, when you go through the fire, you come out, and on the other side of it, that's whenever you're able to handle it.
Make me better.
Make me pure by the fire that does refine.
Where the breath of God is sweeter, there his brightest glory shines.
lift me high up to the mountain into fellowship with thee, and in that light I'll see the fountain of his blood that cleanseth thee.
That was a song that Jesus sang to Lynn.
And I meditate on that.
Make me better, make me pure, by the fire that does refine.
Where the breath of God is sweeter, there his brightest glory shines.
Lift me high up to the mountain into fellowship with thee.
And in that light, I'll see the fountain of his blood that cleanseth thee.
Then, she said he sung it to her three times.
It comes by refining.
A lot of people don't want to be on the potter's will.
He's the potter.
We're the clay.
Mold us and make us each day.
And as we're on the the potter's will, it's the pressure from the potter's hand, the slight pressure that molds that pot into something beautiful.
And then he puts you through the fire.
And it's the fire that draws of the impurities and does the things that it does to get it a hard.
It's like I have this guy, Edward.
He's a master potter and he sends me things.
He talks about his pottery classes.
He teaches pottery at college and how the potter put the glaze on it.
It's a process.
It doesn't go from a lump of clay to the glaze really quickly.
It's a process and it's a continual pressure.
It's a continual movement.
It's beautiful as it spins on that wheel.
But I believe with all my heart that every single one of us go through the potter's wheel.
But if we remove ourselves off that wheel, saying, "God, I don't like this process.
It's uncomfortable.
I don't like the way you're pushing on my flesh.
I don't want you to change me that way.
But he's looking and saying, "But if you just let me push right here, I'll make you into something even more beautiful.
If I can just take my hands and do this and pull you up like this, I'll make you into something even taller.
" But either way, the process is long, it's painful.
Dying to self is like Paul said, I die daily.
And most people in the body of Christ don't allow the process of the potter's wheel.
I was living across the street near my grandmother for 20 years mowing her grass, picking up her limbs and the Lord would not allow me to leave.
I said "Lord this is terrible.
We're in an 800 square foot house, but five people.
I share a bedroom with my daughter.
I have no privacy with my wife ever.
Ever.
I have a little girl that sleeps in here.
No privacy".
The Lord said "Year after year, do what I ask you to do.
Take care of this lady across the street.
Mow her grass.
pull her weeds.
Do what I've asked you to do".
Never got paid for none of it.
Say, "Well, you live for cheap, whatever, living across the street from your grandmother.
" Year after year after after year.
And the Lord told us that on a in at the Christmas time, he came to me.
He said, "If I told you to live here five more years, would you do it?
" because eBay was doing better and I could buy a house then do something more for my family.
Lord said, "Would you do what I asked you to do even if even if if I know you have the money you've been saving back to buy something?
Would you stay here for five more years if I asked you to?
" I was mowing the grass and it was with without even a hesitation.
I said, "Father, whatever you ask me to do, I'll do it.
Whatever you ask me to do, I'll do it.
My flesh don't like it because there's mold in here.
It stinks.
I got snakes crawling up through my floor because it was so bad.
" But I said, "Whatever you ask me to do, I'll do it.
" And at that point, the next morning, I woke up and he said, "You're released.
" I wanted to see if you would obey me at all costs.
Even if it was at but even if your flesh was screaming because I came to Diana that night and I said, "The Lord asked me if I would spend five more years.
" And she said, "Baby, we've already been 20.
What's five more?
Whatever the Lord says to do, we'll do it.
And for her, sharing a bed with with our with our with our six-year-old up on top and us on the bottom was just one of those things you just go.
But whatever it takes, I'll do it.
So I tell you all this is whenever he said to me, "I want you to clean bathrooms until I tell you to quit and you stop complaining.
" I I I clean those toilets for 13 years.
90 toilets.
90 toilets three times a week.
And I did it every single time.
He said, "And I and then I I complained a lot.
" And then he said, "Stop complaining.
" And and I said, "Why stop complaining with my mouth?
" He said, "I'm not looking at your mouth anymore.
I'm looking at your heart.
And until you stop complaining with your heart, I'm not releasing you.
" I said, "I'll be here until I die.
I hate this job and I cannot stand these people because they are lukewarm.
But I will do what you ask me to do, Lord, even unto death.
If I'm here until I die, whatever.
I'll clean these bathrooms.
And I did it for five more years.
And one day I was in there cleaning and he came to me and he said, "You're released.
" I said, "From what?
" I said, "I don't mind this anymore.
" He said, "Yeah, I know.
You can go.
I have more for you to do.
" And I my hands and my my hands and all my stuff was so callous from all the chemicals for all the years.
Always in there cleaning the rugs and cleaning the floors.
And I I remember looking up at the ceiling in that church and I wept because I knew that my time was done cleaning.
But what I'm trying to tell you all is is the process to the anointing is not always easy.
when my daughter was diagnosed with autism and there and it was awful and still is some days.
I said I when I I said, "Lord, why do I go through this?
" She's severely autistic, was not potty trained for until she was until she was 17.
And I remember when she'd have her cycle and clean up all this stuff and and all the things that I go through on a day-to-day basis with her and I and and I and I look at the process.
It's the process that molds you.
God did not make Megan autistic.
my stupidity for getting the vaccinations and not knowing that I I have underlined things that I overcome that it was something generational like even what Billy Burke was showing that sometimes is strongholds things that you is generational and he went through things and talked to us you know that's some private things but you know I um the process makes you better is what I'm trying to tell you.
But I know where I'm at right now and and where I was.
I I I used to dream to be able to talk to y'all and pray and lead these prayer services as I would lead prayer at the church I was at.
And I would listen to uh Gina and and Pastor Terry and all them.
And I'd listen to them and and and and learn and listen and listen and listen and listen and listen to uh these people.
And I cultivate that inside of me.
I cultivate it inside of me continually.
Father, you're you're the you're the potter.
I'm the clay.
And so I bring all this to you today is that is that there's a lot of you that that that God has put his hand on you and you and and I bring this up for a purpose.
But there's a process that you've got to yield to.
And if you don't yield to it and die to yourself, you'll never get off that potter's will.
We go from glory to glory.
Now I'm still on the potter's wheel, but now it's dealing with people bashing me with emails and the comment sections and dealing with public scrutiny like you would not believe.
And I'm learning that the Lord said, "I want you to pray for them and love them even if they talk trash about you.
" You want me to what?
My flesh instantaneously wants to retaliate and defend myself, but he said, "I want you to die to that.
" And if they email you, don't even respond.
Walk in love.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
If they look crosseyed at you in the store and you're afraid they're going to spit in your drink because they know who you are, just pray for them.
You would not believe.
But I look at it now and I just say, "Hey, you don't really know me.
You may think you do because you watch me on the internet, but you don't understand the death threats and the things that happen.
" I just keep going.
And when police tell you to shut your mouth and things are—you're saying too much or whatever—I'm dead to it and I have to keep following him regardless.
It's at a different level.
But all those levels of submitting to a boss that I could not stand—you have to go through the process that got me to where I am right now is what I'm trying to tell y'all.
And if I would have skipped out on that part of the potter's wheel back there, I wouldn't be able to handle where I'm at right now.
It would have destroyed me.
Diana always talks about it.
She goes, "Brandon, I've seen the process of what God has done with you even as a young man clear back when we first met.
" It's been a process, a process.
Even with her, you know, it's amazing.
But most people don't want to hear that.
They want microwave results.
Like I said, you want to put a demand on God and tell him, "You do what I tell you to do.
" Like the waiter at the restaurant: "I need my drink filled right now.
Well, I'm not giving you a good tip.
You have terrible service up in here.
" In a hurry to go nowhere.
Honking at a red light—where are you going?
And when you get to the destination where you're going, you walk around your car and you're not in a hurry after you get there, but you're blowing your horn at somebody sitting through a red light and you have no grace, no patience.
And you're sitting there blaring on your horn and you're looking at them going, "Well, where are you in a hurry to go?
" Well, you get to Walmart and you're sitting in the parking lot waiting to get out of your car.
What?
What was the hurry?
You're all freaking out about what?
To go where?
It's just human nature.
We want what we want when we want it.
But I've learned through the power of when you pray in the spirit and you're doing what we do on this channel.
And I say all this to close is that God's timing is God's timing.
And he is in full control and he's sovereign and he's beautiful.
He's amazing.
And I pray into things time and time again.
And you think, "Where's the wealth transfer?
Where's the blessing at?
I want my crypto to go up today, Brandon.
" I've prayed and I don't understand.
I've given up on God.
"XRP should have gone up a long time ago, brother.
" And you go, "But if it did, would you have spent it all?
What would you have done with it?
What would you have done with it if that would have happened?
Where would you be with God?
Would your marriage still be intact?
Do you have the character to handle a million dollars?
Do you have the character to handle 10 million or would it destroy you?
" A lot of you can't even handle $10,000, and you say, "Well, you know, I've got an extra $10,000.
" And you go, "Well, what did you do with it?
" I just try to be real with you because I hear him.
And the more I become closer to him, he's so patient and he's never in a hurry about anything.
He's that still small voice inside of you.
Taste and see that the Lord is good.
Be still and know that he is God.
There's a stillness.
There's a peace.
And when you talk to him and you're jabbering all the time, that's why I try and teach you all about the flow of the spirit.
When you're praying in tongues and you're listening and you're saying these syllables, there's an anointing on certain things and you groan this out and you pray it out.
It's more than just having motorboat tongues where you're like a motorboat just flipping your mouth all the time and you're just praying in tongues.
But there's levels of prayer, intimacy, and the prophetic.
That's why I told you there's too many prophetic voices that are in the static and the Lord said do not add to that.
These prophets—there's a lot of them.
He said, "You hear them down here, Brandon; they're all down here clucking with the chickens, but I desire for them to come up higher.
" They have great giftings on the inside of them.
They just need more refining.
The gift is there.
It's waiting to be unwrapped.
They're walking in a part of it, not the full manifestation.
And already it's attractive to the world's eye, but it's not polished enough.
Where are the mature sons of God?
That's what my mom would say.
Where are all these people?
Where are the mature sons of God?
I look at it and I go, they're orphans.
They're fatherless.
There are not a lot of spiritual fathers right now.
Because of the lack of spiritual fathers, they're not trained right.
They're not doing right.
And that's why I try so hard to stay underneath a covering, even if I don't agree with some things they say.
And I say, "Okay, I'm going to do this and die to myself.
" You show up on Wednesday, you show up on Sunday, and you do what you have to do.
Even if you don't always agree with everything they say, do exactly what God has told you to do.
It's dying to self.
No matter how big your platform gets or how much you think you are, it's dying to self and following the voice of God and the instruction of God.
Even if it makes your flesh scream, I am dead to me; I do what he asked me to do.
"I want you to go to prayer on Sundays.
I want you to do these things.
" Okay, fine.
Do you understand?
It's not hard things.
A lot of times it's just because it's just something he's asked you to do.
"I want you to exercise.
" Okay, fine.
I've been exercising, taking walks.
And I'm like, "I don't like walking.
" It makes you swell up; your fingers get swollen.
But Lord, I'm trying to keep you alive.
You have a call to finish.
You're too fat.
You've got to get weight off.
I know.
Everybody has something.
So, I try to help you with what I've got.
All right.
Too long.
But I felt like it was what the Holy Spirit said to say.
So we pray for our Supreme Court justices.
And then I'll say this, there's people that are believing for more influence, a bigger church, a bigger platform, and you don't handle what you have.
That's why he's never increased you.
You've got to handle where you are so that he increases you and you don't hurt the sheep.
If he's afraid that you'll hurt the sheep, he won't give you more.
I have right now on all my channels over a million people following me all the time now.
A million.
Brandon has a million people with TikTok and X, Facebook, and Instagram, and what was the other?
China.
All my other channels.
I have over a million people follow me on a day-to-day basis.
A million.
Brandon Biggs, I just feel like that's over the top for me, man.
But I've never wanted to hurt the people.
Never asked you for a dime.
Never asked for money.
Never.
I refuse to be the status quo.
My job is to tell you that Jesus Christ is coming.
And he said, 'Brandon, if you ever look to my people for money, if you ever do this, the platform will die.
' And I've done exactly what he's asked me to do.
Never ask for a dime.
Freely you've been given, freely you give it out.
And he said, 'And I'll take care of you.
' And you know what?
He has.
But so many people look at the body of Christ as a money ticket.
And the Lord said, 'Never do it.
I'm done with those days.
' And if you want to be used by me, you will only look at me.
And all the others, you will see the platforms that never do what they're supposed to do, searching for partners, searching for things, searching for all.
He says, 'Stop it.
Look at me.
' And because I've done that, I've been obedient.
And the Lord's blessed me.
I never look at that; I just look at him.
You know what I'm after the most?
Accuracy and the anointing.
Let's get this thing done so we can get out of here.
I have seen the other side, and there's nothing—even the most beautiful place on this earth—that compares to the glory that awaits us on the other side.
You can go to Switzerland, you can go to the Swiss Alps, and I go on those walking tours on YouTube and look at the people walking and I go, 'That is so beautiful.
' But it's nothing compared to what you're about to see when you go home.
Who cares?
Ferraris, Lamborghinis, yachts, planes.
I don't care about Gulfstreams, Falcons, whatever.
You can have it.
And if the Lord blessed me with one, I'll use it for the gospel.
But it's not a focus.
I just want the anointing.
I just want him.
And in him, I'm telling you, everything else will be met.
People lose track of what's important.
I think it's amazing when you see these people come in and they tell me, 'Brandon, I've been bound by all this and you prayed for me and I got free.
' It's been amazing to see that.
I get the emails.
I got healed.
We had people get healed whenever I call that out about the colon.
People tell me, 'Brandon, I'm not constipated anymore.
' And you go, 'Well, praise the Lord.
' I expect a miracle.
I expect God to show up when I tell you I see these things.
People say, 'Were you saying that to me?
' I don't know.
Somebody asked me, 'When you talk about the raven going, was that for me?
' I don't have a clue.
All I know is that the Lord shows me, tells me, 'Say this.
It's for the body.
' And when you have 150,000 people watch it, it could be for a multitude of people.
Attach your faith to the word of knowledge and say it's for me.
I receive it for me.
How bad do you want change in your life?
It's not the spiritual lottery where you're calling out something and go, 'Well, if I don't receive it...
' No, I receive whatever he has for me.
I lack no good thing.
Creative ideas to get wealth, whatever it may be.
I'm talking more tonight than I usually do.
Maybe I do, I don't know.
Whatever.
But there you go.
Father, I just thank you, Lord, for your body that was broken for us.
And we thank you that we're going from glory to glory.
He's changing us into his likeness and image to perfect in me the love of God shown through the world.
For he's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
Hallelujah.
I believe it.
He's changing you and he's changing me from glory to glory.
Thank you, Lord, for the body.
Lord, I thank you, Father, that you died and you rose again on the third day and that we don't have to have sickness and disease in our house.
Father, even when we see it and the devil tries to fight us with sickness, Father, I thank you, Lord.
I'm not moved by what I see or what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word of God says.
And he said, 'By my stripes, you are healed.
' Regardless if you're battling high blood pressure, high blood sugar, low blood sugar, whatever it may be, cholesterol issues, you might have plaque in your arteries, I believe I receive my healing and wholeness and wellness in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we take the body that you died for us that we might be healthy, whole, and well.
You died for us to walk in abundance, Father: mentally, emotionally, physically, financially.
You said, 'Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
' And Father, I believe that we're prosperous in our soul, our minds, our wills, and our emotions.
And tonight, we're walking from glory to glory in a greater level of the anointing.
Father, I thank you, Lord, in Jesus' mighty name.
Amen.
Now, Lord, I plead the blood over the visions, over everything.
If you show me anything, if you don't, that's fine, too.
Father, I thank you Lord for the blood.
And we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
I apply the blood of Jesus over this house, over my finances, over my children, over my wife.
I plead the blood over our house, over everything, Father, that no weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
And I thank you Lord that your blood covers us.
I thank you Lord that you wash us in your blood and you make us clean.
No sin, no sickness, everything.
Father, you took it all.
Thank you Lord that we walk in that abundance of life.
And we thank you Lord for that which is to come as the blessing of the Lord on the church, on the ecclesia.
Father, that we are the glorious church without spot or wrinkle and that we will be that church that we need to be.
And we thank you, Father, in Jesus' name.
We plead the blood.
Do you believe it?
Do you believe Jesus paid the price for you?
Do you believe that you walk in victory over sickness, over disease?
You have to be a believing believer and not a doubter.
I'm a believer, not a doubter.
I'm an overcomer by the blood of the lamb and by the word of my testimony.
I believe that I receive the bountiful harvest of whatever thing Jesus has for me.
I believe I receive it in the name of Jesus.
And we give all the glory, honor, and praise to our Father.
All right.
So, we're going to go.
Who wants to go tubing now?
I'm sorry it took so long, but I said what I felt the Holy Spirit tell me to say.
There's some of you need to know this.
I have a lot of new faces, a lot of new people that have no idea who I am and where I come from.
Hey, will you move that up so I can go get your mama real quick?
She said, 'After you get finished talking, I'll pray with you.
' I would like it very much if you pet me now.
It's the toy.
It's so creepy.
Hi, squirrel.
You never get by me, squirrel.
Hi, everybody.
I love you, Diana.
I love you all.
Okay.
Well, I snatched her out—she was studying Kathryn Kuhlman and I said, 'Get over here.
' You can't be watching Kathryn Kuhlman right now.
She said, "I'm feeling my spirit up.
" I said, "Okay, okay.
" Glory to God.
Father, I thank you for my friend.
She comes and prays with me.
She said, "I don't have any makeup.
" I don't care.
Come on, let's go, I'm here.
No Kathryn Kuhlman right now.
You watch Kathryn Kuhlman later.
You want some water?
I'm okay.
Father, we just thank you for this time.
Whatever you want to show us, Father, you show us.
And Lord, we dedicate our time to you.
Man, my watch is off.
I thought it was...
I was like, whoa.
This one hadn't been set back yet.
And I said, I wore this all day long.
I didn't even notice it.
What's wrong with me, Brandon?
You got to fall back, boy.
What's going on?
I was like, hold on a minute, it can't be that late already, is it?
It's almost midnight.
I was like, Brandon, you would talk way too long.
Glory to God.
Father, we worship you.
We give you praise and we give you glory and we thank you for the church.
We thank you for your holy written word.
I thank you that the Lord is good and his mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
And great is your faithfulness to us, Lord.
Great is your faithfulness to us.
For you are good and your mercy endures forever.
Great is your faithfulness to us, Lord.
We're not moved by what we see.
We're not moved by what we feel.
We're moved by what the word says.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
She got her t-shirt on from Brother Hagin.
I love that sweatshirt.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Kenneth E.
Hagin.
Our church makes that.
I love that.
It's my favorite.
They have a red one and a brown one.
I love it.
And all the proceeds went to the youth.
So, glory to God.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We make much of the blood, and thank you, Father, the blood makes much of us.
I plead the blood over our house, over us.
We cover our angels around us, Father, as we see that we're uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Oh Lord, you're beautiful.
Your face is all I seek.
And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me.
Oh Lord, you're beautiful.
Your face is all I seek.
And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me.
Jesus, what a wonder you are.
You are so gentle, so pure and so kind.
You shine like a bright morning star.
Jesus, what a wonder you are.
You are so gentle, so pure and so kind.
You shine like a bright morning star.
Jesus, what a wonder you are.
Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all.
Jesus, you always hear me when I call.
Jesus, you lift me up each time I fall.
You're the sweetest, sweetest name of all.
Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all.
Jesus, you always hear me when I call.
Jesus, you lift me up each time I fall.
You're the sweetest, sweetest name of all.
Lord, you're so good.
Lord, you're so merciful and worthy to be praised.
Master, creator of everything.
Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all.
Jesus, you always hear me when I call.
Jesus, you lift me up each time I fall.
You're the sweetest, sweetest name of all.
Father, we thank you that you're the sweetest name of all.
Oh, Father, what can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
No other fount I know.
It's nothing but the blood of Jesus.
I sure love you, too, Father.
I plead the blood.
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
For there's power, power, wonder-working power in the blood of the Lamb.
Oh, there is power, power, wonder-working power.
I was going to sing this song before.
You see how you get in the river?
I go by praying, singing first, and then you jump in the river.
People think it's a microwave; it is not.
And you say, "Jesus is coming soon, morning or night or noon.
Many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely sound.
All of the dead shall rise.
Righteous meet in the sky.
Going where no one dies.
Heavenward bound.
" And Jesus is coming soon, morning or night or noon.
Many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely sound.
All of the—my voice is too high.
I'm going to hit it anyway.
Do it.
You think?
I think you can do it.
Well, it's cracking already.
Dead shall rise.
Righteous meet in the sky.
Going where no one dies.
Heavenward bound.
I did it.
It didn't crack too much.
Thank you, Lord, that we're heaven-bound.
Thank you, Lord, that Jesus is coming soon, morning or night or noon.
Many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely sound.
All of the dead shall rise.
The righteous will meet in the sky.
Going where no one dies.
Heavenward bound.
We believe, Father, that the soon coming of the Lord Jesus Christ is coming.
That Jesus Christ is coming and he's coming soon.
We believe, Father, that this is the last generation that will not taste death.
That we are that generation that will see the coming of our King.
Oh Lord, we thank you, Lord, that your word is true and that there is an end to all of it.
Oh, the anointing just shifted.
That Jesus is coming soon.
Beulah Land, I am longing for you.
And someday on thee I'll stand where my home shall be eternal land.
Sweet land.
I'm kind of homesick for a city to which I've never been before.
It's just a few more days to live here.
I feel so strong.
Just a few more days to live here.
And I'm going to take my heavenly flight.
I'm gonna take it.
I'm longing for you.
And someday on thee I'll stand.
Praise the Lord.
Sweet Beulah Land.
I believe with all my heart Jesus is coming.
I just believe it.
I thank you Father for your presence.
I thank you, Father, that you are more than able to do everything that we need.
You've got it, Father.
For every person who has a need here, I believe there's an expiration date to that problem, the breakthrough.
I believe that suddenly it's time for the body of Christ to walk in the full manifestation of everything that God has for them.
We lack no good thing.
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
When the presence feels like this, I don't really know what to do.
I just sit in quiet because he fills my whole house and it just doesn't even feel like you can say anything.
Oh Father, you inhabit the praises of your people.
Lord, we're here to help you.
Whatever we can do to pray Jesus.
There's just something about your name.
Master, Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
Let all heaven and earth proclaim: kings and kingdoms will all pass away.
But there's something about your name, Jesus.
Jesus, Jesus.
There's just something about your name, Master, Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain.
Father, we're there.
We made it.
I feel it.
We pushed.
We're in your throne, Lord.
And I feel you.
We're there now.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Pay attention to the old ancient writings.
He's talking about what's on the walls, for they've said it before in the past.
History repeats itself.
Do you see that?
He's talking about the Nephilim.
He's talking about as in the days of Noah.
He's talking about the lizard people again for as in the days of Noah.
As in the days of Noah, so will it be.
I remember that new heaven.
I remember the canopy that you'll restore back, Lord.
I remember you show me that.
Oh, Father, the water sphere with the glowing stars and the beautiful sounds.
The very atmosphere vibrated with life before the flood.
You see what I'm seeing?
It's coming.
Okay.
There's levels.
There's levels of this.
I see the cloud bank.
I'm going to describe it to you as far as coming up higher out of the turbulence of life and coming up higher in your prayers.
Coming up above the cloud bank, coming up higher.
It's like whenever a jet is flying and it's in the clouds and it comes above them, and you can look at all the clouds from the jet.
You look down out of the window and all the clouds are down there; you can even see the people look like little ants.
The cars look like little bitty things, and you come up higher out of that turbulence.
You come up higher and you pierce that veil.
You pierce it in prayer.
It's by worship, by thanksgiving, and you come into His throne room and you come up out of that.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
Because all this other stuff—the Supreme Court, President Trump and praying for him—all this is down here.
And as you come up higher, you're able to see it through the eagle eye.
Everything seems so much smaller because everything is smaller down there.
You see, as you look out from a jet, everything's so much smaller.
What was so big in the natural eyes becomes so much smaller the higher you go.
All your problems, the higher you go, the smaller even the fires look.
No matter how much is going on down there, it could be war below you.
The higher you go, the smaller even those tanks look.
Demonic turbulence—the higher you go, the smaller everything becomes because you went up so high.
Even in your prayer life today, the higher you go, the more of it you have, and the smaller the problems become because you're so high with Him.
When you touch into that realm of prayer, when you go into that throne room, all the world's turbulence, all the stuff that you've overcome, it falls off because you're next to Him.
When you sit on His chest and you listen to Him breathe, the cares of this world melt away when He inhales and He exhales.
There's a place in God the devil dare not go.
So, Father, as the eagle eye, thank You, Lord, that You show us that which is to come, that we are in Your throne room, standing with Your Son, making intercession for the nations.
He's at the right hand of the Father, making intercession for us.
Thank You, Jesus, for praying for me.
You lead, I follow.
I see white roses in a bouquet.
All of these white roses are tightly together in a bouquet.
They're not open; they're just real tight.
And there's tulle around it.
There's tulle around these white roses, like that beautiful white lace.
It's wrapped around these white roses and they're so tightly wound together.
Let me count them in the vision.
The Lord said, 'Don't count them.
' I'm going to say there's over 24.
It would take too much of your time.
But they're all in this thing, wrapped around this lace, and it was presented.
I love how personal He is.
I love how personal our Father is.
He pays such attention to detail.
Oh, how He loves you and me.
He gave His life; what more could He give?
Oh, how He loves you.
It is beyond comprehension.
What are the flowers, Lord?
Is it just a gift?
It looks like wedding flowers.
They're for the reception that I'm having for you.
They're ready for the reception.
Oh, He's getting ready for our reception—for the marriage supper of the Lamb, the bride of Christ.
Come.
It's time to come up higher.
It's time to come up higher with the fire.
It's the greatest desire for you to walk in the fire.
And I see the river flowing out of you.
I see a river flowing out of us.
Out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water.
And this looks like a river, but the river is pure.
And the river looks like rapids.
It's flowing like a force coming out of you.
Out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water—the fountain bubbling with the river flow.
Let the holy river flow out of you as you come up higher in the fire with prayer.
It will not just be a little trickle or a little stream.
It will be greater—the rapids, the greater the flow.
The greater the Holy Ghost flow of prayer.
Some of you just let a little stream flow, 'this little light of mine' as you said, but it's a little stream.
But the higher you come in prayer, the greater the water flow.
Let the Holy Ghost flow.
Let the Holy Spirit flow.
He's coming back so soon.
Hurry fast.
Oh, I have to say this: I see somebody's doctor bills being supernaturally paid off.
You had a major bill for surgery or medical bills.
And the Lord wants me to tell you everything's going to be okay; He's going to pay that off.
Doctor bills supernaturally paid off in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, for the debt cancellation.
What would take years and years to pay back, you owe and you have a payment plan and it's been a stress.
Lord, supernaturally, you're going to get debt relief, a debt cancellation.
Receive it in the name of Jesus.
I see it for you.
Hallelujah.
What would have been years of payments, I thank You, Lord, that the debt jubilee is here in Jesus' name.
Finances from favor in the name of Jesus with the system—it's like $40,000.
Thank You, Father.
What seemed to be impossible, Father, You'll make possible.
You provide the way.
You're the way maker, Lord.
You know what's interesting about this prayer time is I keep seeing the wedding and I see the hoopa again, that marriage canopy with the olive trees and the olive carvings.
You know what I'm talking about, Braden?
The hoopa.
The hoopa thing.
I can see it with the glory behind it again.
It's the marriage hoopa and it's plain, with this beautiful olivewood and the olive carvings.
But I see the flowers draped on this thing, draped with beautiful things and wrapped with olive leaves; it's perfect.
Thank You, Father.
Oh, what You prepared for the church.
It's symbolic.
Oh, what He's planned for the church: to walk in victory, to walk in the glory, angelic aid and assistance.
I see a gown of beautiful lace.
And I see the light, and in Him there is no darkness at all.
Oh, I thank You, Father.
How beautiful is the body of Christ.
Father, we just thank You for Your love, for Your sweet presence—a break from all of the drama in this world.
It's like you get a break from the reality of what you're going through.
Sometimes you just take the time and spend time with him.
All the stuff, all the cares, all the heaviness of this life—being an adult with bills and all kinds of things—you walk through life and you say, "God, there's just such a sweetness in your presence.
" In his presence, there's fullness of joy; in his presence, there's fullness of peace.
And he just strips all that care.
You may have a little dirt smudged on your face or whatever is going on with you; you just sit at his feet and he washes your feet.
He prepares a table before you in the presence of your enemies.
Everything that you have need of, he's provided.
I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, and I fear no evil, for your rod and your staff, they comfort me.
Father, all the stuff that's going on with politics and with the judges, Father, I thank you that you've got this.
Regarding the Supreme Court justices, Father, we have favor that you're working on their hearts even tonight as they sleep, and that this decision will be made by tomorrow.
Regarding the politics, the politicians, and all that's going on in America, I pray that they'll have the TSA opened up before the Thanksgiving holiday, that every person will be safe, that the believers will be safe, and that no calamity come nigh airports and Atlanta.
Atlanta just got highlighted to me.
We pray for safety around Atlanta and the Atlanta airport.
I see turbulence at Atlanta airport; it was highlighted just then.
I saw it and the Lord said, "Pray over Atlanta airport.
" We pray a hedge around Atlanta airport against any kind of terrorist attack, bomb threats, or whatever it may be.
We pray a hedge of protection around the travelers in Atlanta and over the flights coming to and from Atlanta airport.
We cover them in a special cover.
We thank you, Lord, that over every airport and over the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, we pray a hedge of protection right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that every plot, every plan, and every kind of evil action or evildoer will be found and brought to justice in the name of Jesus.
We pray a hedge of protection all around Macy's and over the Christmas tree lighting in Rockefeller Center.
We call a hedge of protection around this, Father, for every plot, every plan, every pursuit, and every kind of terrorist attack.
Father, we cover our nation in the name of Jesus.
Against all the secret communication with these SIM cards, we call every one of them uncovered and revealed in the name of Jesus.
Over the football games, travel by car, or whatever, we thank you, Lord; there's a divine protection over the motorists, over the Black Friday holiday shoppers, and during Christmas shopping.
Father, I thank you at the malls for protection against mass shootings.
We pray over the shoppers; this is highlighted.
At the Mall of America and major malls, pray over the shoppers when they're distracted for massive events.
The same vigilantes that were trying to go into gay bars in Michigan to have mass casualties on Halloween—the same pattern is about greed.
It's on the pillars, Braden; it's on those pillars of the sins.
Do you remember I said the pillars of the sins?
I saw it was about gluttony and slothfulness; it was all about the seven deadly sins.
It was five for sure and it went in a pyramid.
But they're riding on the coattails of greed.
This is how they're attacking in the spirit realm.
I see those pyramids again that were coming off of it with the seven deadly sins.
It goes in a pyramid, and it went jealousy, lust, and greed.
This is concerning Black Friday greed.
So we call every plot and every mass casualty attempt to disrupt our nation on Black Friday uncovered.
We uncover every demonic plot concerning Black Friday, the malls, Walmarts, Targets, Best Buy, and all the major shopping areas.
We call every plot and plan in the name of Jesus uncovered.
I thank you, Lord, that they would give themselves away on chatter.
Our law enforcement from the FBI and Homeland Security will catch any person with any kind of plot or plan for mass casualties in the name of Jesus on Black Friday.
From sea to shining sea, from Canada to the Gulf, we say in the name of Jesus, every plot and plan be uncovered across this land and in Washington, D.
C.
It's focused around Thanksgiving and over Veterans Day on Monday.
We pray over Veterans Day; it will soon be like popcorn.
We call every plot and plan over semi-trucks; I see semi-trucks again.
They are using cars as a battering ram, driving into crowds like they did, trying to use their car as a weapon.
Father, I thank you that the trucks and the vans like the Timothy McVeigh one have not been found.
I still see the vans and the trucks like Timothy McVeigh.
Every plot across this nation for Black Friday to Thanksgiving, all the major gatherings, Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, New Year's Eve, and every single major gathering in the traveling industry, we thank you for a covering.
Even in Salt Lake City, Father, I thank you, Lord, for a covering because of the Mormons in that area.
There's something about Utah; it's highlighted.
It goes clear up into Seattle; I'm talking about mass events.
We call every mass event and every planned attack from all around this nation to be uncovered in the name of Jesus and brought to justice.
They will not do this in Las Vegas; we will not stand for it as the church.
We plead the blood and we have angels' aid and assistance over this nation, over our travel, and over our airlines.
We cover our airlines in the blood in the name of Jesus.
From Oklahoma City to Atlanta to Texas, we thank you, Lord, that there's covering over our airways.
We call them to pass a decent budget and for this to stop now in the name of Jesus, and for the Supreme Court justices to line up and get the money flowing.
I saw a mass exodus of people leaving New York by the droves.
Soon it will be Philadelphia and Boston and these other areas.
It's like you get a break from the reality of what you're going through.
Sometimes you just take the time and spend time with him.
All the stuff, all the cares, all the heaviness of this life—being an adult with bills and all kinds of things—you walk through life and you say, "God, there's just such a sweetness in your presence.
" In his presence, there's fullness of joy; in his presence, there's fullness of peace.
And he just strips all that care.
You may have a little dirt smudged on your face or whatever is going on with you; you just sit at his feet and he washes your feet.
He prepares a table before you in the presence of your enemies.
Everything that you have need of, he's provided.
I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, and I fear no evil, for your rod and your staff, they comfort me.
Father, all the stuff that's going on with politics and with the judges, Father, I thank you that you've got this.
Regarding the Supreme Court justices, Father, we have favor that you're working on their hearts even tonight as they sleep, and that this decision will be made by tomorrow.
Regarding the politics, the politicians, and all that's going on in America, I pray that they'll have the TSA opened up before the Thanksgiving holiday, that every person will be safe, that the believers will be safe, and that no calamity come nigh airports and Atlanta.
Atlanta just got highlighted to me.
We pray for safety around Atlanta and the Atlanta airport.
I see turbulence at Atlanta airport; it was highlighted just then.
I saw it and the Lord said, "Pray over Atlanta airport.
" We pray a hedge around Atlanta airport against any kind of terrorist attack, bomb threats, or whatever it may be.
We pray a hedge of protection around the travelers in Atlanta and over the flights coming to and from Atlanta airport.
We cover them in a special cover.
We thank you, Lord, that over every airport and over the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, we pray a hedge of protection right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that every plot, every plan, and every kind of evil action or evildoer will be found and brought to justice in the name of Jesus.
We pray a hedge of protection all around Macy's and over the Christmas tree lighting in Rockefeller Center.
We call a hedge of protection around this, Father, for every plot, every plan, every pursuit, and every kind of terrorist attack.
Father, we cover our nation in the name of Jesus.
Against all the secret communication with these SIM cards, we call every one of them uncovered and revealed in the name of Jesus.
Over the football games, travel by car, or whatever, we thank you, Lord; there's a divine protection over the motorists, over the Black Friday holiday shoppers, and during Christmas shopping.
Father, I thank you at the malls for protection against mass shootings.
We pray over the shoppers; this is highlighted.
At the Mall of America and major malls, pray over the shoppers when they're distracted for massive events.
The same vigilantes that were trying to go into gay bars in Michigan to have mass casualties on Halloween—the same pattern is about greed.
It's on the pillars, Braden; it's on those pillars of the sins.
Do you remember I said the pillars of the sins?
I saw it was about gluttony and slothfulness; it was all about the seven deadly sins.
It was five for sure and it went in a pyramid.
But they're riding on the coattails of greed.
This is how they're attacking in the spirit realm.
I see those pyramids again that were coming off of it with the seven deadly sins.
It goes in a pyramid, and it went jealousy, lust, and greed.
This is concerning Black Friday greed.
So we call every plot and every mass casualty attempt to disrupt our nation on Black Friday uncovered.
We uncover every demonic plot concerning Black Friday, the malls, Walmarts, Targets, Best Buy, and all the major shopping areas.
We call every plot and plan in the name of Jesus uncovered.
I thank you, Lord, that they would give themselves away on chatter.
Our law enforcement from the FBI and Homeland Security will catch any person with any kind of plot or plan for mass casualties in the name of Jesus on Black Friday.
From sea to shining sea, from Canada to the Gulf, we say in the name of Jesus, every plot and plan be uncovered across this land and in Washington, D.
C.
It's focused around Thanksgiving and over Veterans Day on Monday.
We pray over Veterans Day; it will soon be like popcorn.
We call every plot and plan over semi-trucks; I see semi-trucks again.
They are using cars as a battering ram, driving into crowds like they did, trying to use their car as a weapon.
Father, I thank you that the trucks and the vans like the Timothy McVeigh one have not been found.
I still see the vans and the trucks like Timothy McVeigh.
Every plot across this nation for Black Friday to Thanksgiving, all the major gatherings, Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, New Year's Eve, and every single major gathering in the traveling industry, we thank you for a covering.
Even in Salt Lake City, Father, I thank you, Lord, for a covering because of the Mormons in that area.
There's something about Utah; it's highlighted.
It goes clear up into Seattle; I'm talking about mass events.
We call every mass event and every planned attack from all around this nation to be uncovered in the name of Jesus and brought to justice.
They will not do this in Las Vegas; we will not stand for it as the church.
We plead the blood and we have angels' aid and assistance over this nation, over our travel, and over our airlines.
We cover our airlines in the blood in the name of Jesus.
From Oklahoma City to Atlanta to Texas, we thank you, Lord, that there's covering over our airways.
We call them to pass a decent budget and for this to stop now in the name of Jesus, and for the Supreme Court justices to line up and get the money flowing.
I saw a mass exodus of people leaving New York by the droves.
Soon it will be Philadelphia and Boston and these other areas.
He's getting ready for the banquet.
Jesus is getting ready to come for his church.
I'm telling you, it's time for you to sell out to Jesus.
If you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, do not go another day without knowing him.
Do not go another day without knowing him.
Does he know you?
If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
Or if the rapture of the church was coming, where would you spend the seven years of tribulation?
Are you ready for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ?
Well, you say, "Brendon, I'm not.
" Well, tonight you can be.
I want to lead you in a simple prayer.
But first, I want to ask you: if you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
Where would you spend eternity tonight?
If you were to die, where would you spend it?
I want you to be bold about your decision and what you're about to do.
I want you to tell us in the comment section right now, "I need to be saved.
" As I see the fires burning across the land, as I see Europe on fire, as I see the Vatican on fire—they're burning the Vatican, right?
—and when I see it, I see earthquakes in diverse places.
I see volcanoes erupting.
I see all these things taking place.
But I believe that we're just on the cusp of it.
I believe that we're not appointed unto wrath.
And I believe that if you're a born-again Christian, you can escape all that.
But you have to know my friend Jesus tonight.
I want you to make a decision.
Will you spend eternity with him or are you going to go to hell?
I want you to be bold about it.
Jesus was bold about his death and he died in front of everybody.
He died for you.
He died for me.
He died publicly.
But I want you to make a public declaration tonight: "I want to be saved.
" And I want you to put in the comment section—right now is your opportunity to come down to the front.
It's the altar, the place of death.
I want you to come down there and I want you to accept right now by saying it on the screen right now, "I want to be saved.
" And if tonight's your night, if you feel that inside, that stirring, you feel that it's Jesus.
It's the Holy Spirit drawing you.
It says, "No man comes to the father unless he calls him, unless he draws him.
" And tonight, I believe you're being drawn right now.
You have an opportunity to accept, my friend.
Don't go another day.
The very shoes you put on to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off.
We are not promised tomorrow.
Don't fool yourself.
It's the devil that tries to tell you, "Oh, you can do that later on.
" But you may not have tomorrow.
You may die in a car accident.
You might have a massive heart attack.
You don't know.
But I know that today, right now, is the time of salvation.
Don't go another day without knowing where you'll spend eternity.
So, I'm going to say a simple prayer with you.
And I want those who mean it, those who radically want to be saved right now, to mean it with your whole heart.
And I want you to say it with your whole heart and confess your sin.
And I want you to get radical with Jesus.
And I'm going to say the simple prayer right now.
And you may have known him before in the past, but you turned your back on him.
You may be a backsliding Christian.
You're here tonight because you feel something.
You're hungry.
You're like, "Man, I just want a clean start.
" You say, "Tonight is my night.
I'm coming back to Jesus.
Tonight's my night.
I'm coming home.
" I turned my back on the Lord.
He never turned his back on me, but I did on him.
And I went back to doing what I used to do.
But tonight, I'm making a brand new start.
And I want you to say it with me boldly: "Jesus," say it right now.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
Jesus, I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
Wash me.
Cleanse me.
Tonight's my night, Lord.
I'm coming to you and I'm asking you to wash me and cleanse me from my sins.
I need you.
I need a savior.
I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin.
And Jesus, from this day forward, I'm sold out to you.
From this day forward, Lord, I will serve you.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven me.
Thank you, Lord, that you said in your word that you would write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're writing my name in that right now.
And I thank you that from this day forward, I'll serve you forevermore.
I'm saved.
I'm born again.
And I love you, Jesus.
Amen and amen.
" I believe if you just said that prayer, you just sealed your ticket.
You're a born-again Christian.
I believe that today you were created in Christ Jesus.
"Behold, I make all things new" is what the Lord said he'd do for you.
The moment you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
I believe that today you just got born again.
Now, welcome to the family.
Welcome to the family.
Now, what do you do?
You find a Bible-believing church that is non-denominational, which is where Diana and I would go, and get plugged in there and tell that pastor, "I need to be water baptized.
" I need to get water baptized.
Go there, get water baptized, and read your Bible, pray, and find fellowship there.
Go on Wednesdays, Sundays, wherever you need, when they have the doors open, just get there and get plugged in and you'll know how to stand strong against the devil.
Come here and pray with us.
It's simple.
It's pretty easy.
You just follow him.
And if you fall down and you skin your knees with sin again, you run to God when you sin.
You don't run from him.
You run to him.
And the moment you confess it is not whenever the Lord found out about it.
It's when you got forgiven of it.
It's washed away.
He said, "Hey, I don't even—" I said you got rid of it.
You got rid of it.
And so, hey, we want to celebrate you by giving you your first free Bible.
We want to bless you with a Bible.
If you just go into the description of this YouTube video, you'll find our email address.
And then if you just put in the title, "I can't afford a Bible, I just got saved," and put your name and address, we will get one in the mail to you.
And we're so excited, just because we want to celebrate your decision tonight.
But I'm telling you, 85 of you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
And we rejoice for every single one of you.
And we're so grateful that you were here tonight so late.
But we're looking in, and what the Lord has allowed me to do is he gave me a gift of seeing into things.
And I'm so grateful as a watchman to be able to come on and tell you all that Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and gentlemen.
And I believe that the best is yet to come for the church.
But he's letting us see a little glimpse into the tribulation tonight.
And I tell you, you couldn't pay me a billion dollars to want to be in the tribulation.
Man, I'm telling you, Jesus paid the price for every single one of you to walk in victory.
And I'm so thankful that you said the sinner's prayer, all 85 of you.
I believe it with all my heart: we're not appointed unto wrath.
Jesus Christ paid the price for us to walk in victory, and he did it.
And I believe we're the great restrainer, and the Antichrist is getting ready.
Everything is about to—it's getting set up, but we have, I believe, the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen right at our doorstep and he's preparing us.
And so we want to say we love y'all.
Thank you for joining us to all you that got born again tonight.
And I'm so grateful that you came here and gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
So, is the comment section excited about that?
85 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
That's awesome.
I felt a pull on that.
That's awesome, huh, baby?
It's wonderful.
All glory to Jesus.
All of heaven is rejoicing.
And tell of his love, his wonderful love.
We give all the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love.
So, could you all do us a favor?
Now, if you're new here and you're not subscribed, please click the subscribe button.
It's simple.
It's free.
It doesn't cost you a dime.
Please subscribe.
If you haven't subscribed already, please subscribe to our channel.
Click the notification bell.
Click the like button.
Comment something nice down below and help us with the algorithm.
We believe that we're up to 580,000 people.
580,089.
So we give God glory for that.
We're almost to 600,000 people.
That's a lot of prayers.
That's a lot of prayer partners.
We believe the Lord has called us to raise up a million-man and women prayer army.
That's right.
All for the glory of God for a million-man and women prayer army for the last days.
And that's what we do.
We pray every day.
We try to at least, and we're doing pretty good about it.
All to Jesus.
So we're almost at 580,100.
All glory to Jesus.
And it keeps going.
So, we keep trying.
We keep pushing, believing for a million.
He said to believe for a million.
So, it's been work, but we're getting there.
So, around 192 almost.
We're almost around 101.
So, thank you for all those that just subscribed.
Yes.
And every single one of you, we want you to know how much we appreciate you and how much your prayers help us to push.
And it matters.
You count.
Every single one of you matters, and you are making a huge impact on the kingdom of God.
We're so thankful for you, and we don't take it lightly.
We don't.
The Lord has put us on.
We pray for each and every one of you every single day.
It's wonderful.
I was just saying we so appreciate every single one of you—all 580,092, which he has the number right there.
Every single one of you, we are so thankful for you.
We pray for you each and every day and we want you to know how much we appreciate you and your prayers matter.
Every single one of you is helping us make a huge impact in the kingdom of God.
And so all of us together, all of our prayers, it's like many hands make light work.
And so every time you tune in, every single time, know that we are kicking the devil's butt and we are taking the kingdom for Jesus.
So I just want to let you know how much we love you and how much we appreciate you, and we don't take it lightly.
He has my size 12 right up the side of his butt cheek.
People go, "Oh, you disrespect the devil.
" He doesn't deserve any respect.
He betrayed my father.
How could you ever respect that devil?
People say, "You don't need to say that.
" No, no, no.
He is a loser.
Anybody that would be who he was to the Lord and think he could exalt himself above God is a loser.
He's an idiot.
There's no one that's ever going to exalt himself above God.
He will share his glory with no one.
He is supreme, worthy to be praised.
He is our father and he is awesome.
So, and all 6,300 of you that are still here right now, we know that you're all in.
All in at this time of night, at midnight.
These are radical prayer warriors at this time of night.
So, how many of y'all are out there?
6,200 people.
You're radical out there.
You're like, "Man, we're burning the midnight oil up in here.
" We're praying for the nations and for revival and for the greatest outpouring kind of people.
This isn't it fun?
I love praying at night like this.
I know a lot of you got to go to work.
Wonderful.
But I just know it's just like having a slumber party.
We're just praying.
We got our comfy thing on.
We're talking about Jesus.
And we're excited about the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Yes, I'm always ready.
But don't you believe it?
You can feel it.
You can sense it.
And we pray over the Christmas shoppers.
I hate saying holiday shoppers.
It's Christmas.
I always say Merry Christmas.
Even when they say happy holidays, I'm like, "Sorry, it's not Happy Holidays.
It's Merry Christmas.
" Merry Christmas.
Well, you were quiet all night.
I just prayed.
I pulled you out of Kathryn Kuhlman and I said, "You got to come over here and help me out.
" So, she loves Kathryn Kuhlman.
I do.
She listens to Kathryn Kuhlman a lot.
Searching or sometimes the Holy Spirit leads me in another direction, but today it's Kathryn Kuhlman—this week it's been a lot of Kathryn Kuhlman.
And who was the other one?
Corrie ten Boom.
I've been listening to her a lot lately.
And I always listen to Billy Burke.
Oh, I love Billy Burke.
We don't miss Billy Burke.
Especially when he's going to Michigan this weekend and I am excited.
We watch all his live services.
He's having his live services in Michigan.
And if you're in Michigan and you are able to get over there to his meetings, go and be a part of those.
There are two services.
And I'm telling you, if I lived in Michigan, that's where I'd be.
I love going and watching those.
Go and be a part of those services and support him.
I always try to.
Brandon had his first service tonight again in Montecito and he gave me his...
listen...
he's going to have another service.
You know when I told you about Brandon Brim, he has a 7 o'clock and I forgot to talk about it tonight but he had a service tonight at 7 o'clock at Montecito Library.
Here you can see the address: 1469 East Valley Road, Montecito, California 93108.
And it was at 7:00 p.
m.
tonight.
It was tonight, but he's going to do it again in December.
December 4th is the next.
He's going to have another service.
And then in January, he's going to start doing it every single week.
From what I understand, it says going weekly early 2026.
And it's called His Name Church Montecito.
And this young man is on fire for Jesus.
And if you live in the Montecito area and you're looking for a church that's going to be radical and walks in the fruits and the gifts of the Spirit, this young man Brandon is...
he's able to see like me and he's able to see over and he talks about it and he walks in words of knowledge and things like that.
So I'm telling you I wouldn't lead you astray if you live in that area.
This kid...
he is 30-some years old and he is on fire for Jesus.
I would support him and his wife Destiny.
They're going to have it at this thing called His Name Church in Montecito.
So God put it on his heart to start it.
And if you live in that area, go and support that on December 4th.
He said two families, I think.
All glory to Jesus.
We're excited to be able to support people if they have a heart for Jesus and they're hungry.
Brandon Brimm, Billye's grandson.
Not Billye's boy—Billye's grandson.
Not Billy Boy; that's Chip.
We love you all.
Paisley wants to say hi.
Hi, everybody!
All right, we are so excited.
Thank you for coming and supporting us tonight, praying, and being here.
All your chat things, your gifts—what are those things called?
Super Thanks and all that.
Thank you for your Super Thanks and the other gifts you send.
You are amazing people.
They look at our description; they're so kind.
Thank you.
We close out by saying this: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.
85 people gave their hearts to Jesus.
Is that awesome?